Sam Cassell scored 23 points as the Milwaukee Bucks extended their 
winning streak to a season-high six games with a 105-98 victory over 
the Charlotte Hornets on Friday night. The Bucks, winners of 16 of 
their last 20 games, stretched their Central Division lead over Charlotte 
to 2 1/2 games. The Hornets have lost four straight and 10 of their 
last 13. Jason Caffey scored nine of his 16 points in the decisive 
fourth quarter, and combined with Cassell to score all 11 points in 
an 11-4 run that sealed the game for the Bucks. Milwaukee led 85-81 
with just over eight minutes to play when Cassell and Caffey took 
over. Cassell started the run with two free throws. Caffey was then 
called for goaltending a shot by David Wesley shot, but redeemed himself 
by scoring on a driving dunk that drew a foul. He made the free throw, 
and after a miss by Jamal Mashburn, Cassell scored on a jumper to 
put the Bucks up 93-83. Charlotte was without center Elden Campbell 
and reserve forward Derrick Coleman. Campbell was out with the flu, 
forcing the Hornets to start Otis Thorpe in his place. And without 
Coleman, who sat out with a bruised left knee, Charlotte had few big 
bodies to send in to relieve Thorpe and P.J. Brown. That left the 
Hornets struggling on defense and with little or no low-post presence. 
Brown was often the only defender under the Milwaukee basket, which 
allowed the Bucks clear drives through the lane as they built a 59-47 
halftime lead _ the most points the Hornets have allowed in a half 
this season. Charlotte came out with much more intensity in the third 
quarter and used good shot selection and aggressive work on the boards 
to mount a 9-0 run that pulled them to 67-66. The Hornets then took 
their first lead of the game on Brown's layup that made it 73-71 with 
1:55 to play in the third. But they grew tired in the fourth quarter 
and never could answer the Bucks' offense, which shot 52 percent for 
the game. Mashburn had a triple-double for Charlotte with 26 points, 
10 rebounds and 10 assists, but continuted his feast-early, famine-late 
routine by scoring 17 in the first quarter. Wesley added 23. Glenn 
Robinson scored 20 for the Bucks. Notes: Ray Allen had his streak 
of scoring 20 or more points against the Hornets snapped at seven 
games. He finished with 11. Wesley and Baron Davis combined to shoot 
13-of-31... The Hornets had Christian music group 4Him perform a free 
concert after the game in a move to attract a larger crowd. The incentive 
helped entice fans, 16,436 showed up _ an increase from the Hornets' 
average of 14,311. 

Troy Bell, Kenny Harley and Ryan Sidney each scored 16 points as No. 
25 Boston College defeated Rutgers 77-51 Saturday. The Eagles (13-2, 
4-1 Big East) are off to their best start since going 22-9 in 1996-97, 
the last time they made the NCAA tournament. Rutgers (8-9, 0-6), a 
single-digit loser in all of its league games before Saturday, was 
led by Todd Billet's 22 points. Holding a 33-32 lead early in the 
second half, Boston College, which struggled from the field for most 
of the game, broke loose for a 14-3 run over a 4:09 stretch. Xavier 
Singletary, who added 12 points, made a pair of 3-pointers and Bell 
had two baskets during the key burst. The Scarlet Knights, the Big 
East's second-worst free throwing shooting team at .595 percent entering 
the game, hurt themselves at the line during the Eagles' decisive 
run. They hit only one of five attempts. Rutgers never closed within 
double digits the rest of the way as BC gradually built its lead. 
The Eagles shot 43.3 percent for the game (29-for-67), but was below 
40 percent for most of the game until some late baskets. The Eagles, 
who lost 97-75 at No. 2 Duke Tuesday, started slowly and hit just 
one of their first 10 shots. Boston College improved and went on to 
lead 29-25 at halftime. Rutgers' last road win over a ranked opponent 
came over three years ago, 72-63 at Temple Dec. 20, 1997. 

Israel Prime Minister Ehud Barak Recalls Leaders of His Peace Delegation 
in the Egyptian Resort of Taba After Two Israelis Were Killed in the 
West Bank Naked Hindu Monks Plunge Into River Gov't Freezes Estrada's 
Bank Account German Court Keeps Camera Ban Tight Security in Tiananmen 
Square With Fireworks and Dancing Lions, Chinese Around the World 
Welcome the Start of the New Lunar Year, the Year of the Snake Stricken 
Tanker Off the Galapagos Islands Dumps Its Remaining Fuel Into the 
Fragile Marine Environment, Spilling An Estimated 15,000 to 20,000 
Gallons of Additional Fuel 

The Russian security council secretary Ivanov second on national television, 
he said that while salvage "Kursk" submarine were killed, the military 
remains "dangerous and risky ", but Russia will" do what this matter 
". Ivanov said that since the Russian had been made to salvage decided 
what to do, but success does not understand. He pointed out that the 
U.S., Russian submarine disaster occurred on several occasions, but 
no successful withdrawal from living persons or bodies of the salvage 
precedent. In one case, the United States wants to help Russia recover 
the submarine sank in the Pacific, but only salvage the remnants. 
Ivanov on the nuclear submarine salvage, Russia to all foreign companies 
to salvage the public interest "Kursk" Of all the technical data. 
He said that on this issue, moral principles priority, Russia will 
never be in order to save face and "confidential ". 